Q: Which of these terms best describes the type of AI used in today’s email spam filters, speech recognition, and other specific applications?
A: Artificial Narrow Intelligence (ANI)

Q: What do you call the commonly used AI technology for learning input (A) to output (B) mappings?
A: Supervised Learning

Q: You want to use supervised learning to build a speech recognition system. The figure above suggests that in order for a neural network (deep learning) to achieve the best performance, you would ideally use: (Select all that apply)
A: A large dataset (of audio files and the corresponding text transcript)
A: A large neural network

Q: The only way to acquire data for a supervised learning algorithm is to manually label it. I.e., given the input A, to ask a human to provide B.
A: False

Q: Which of these statements regarding data acquisition do you agree with?
A: Some types of data are more valuable than others; working with an AI team can help you figure out what data to acquire.

Q: You run a company that manufactures scooters. Which of the following are examples of unstructured data? (Select all that apply.)
A: Audio files of the engine sound of your scooters
A: Pictures of your scooters

Q: Suppose you run a website that sells cat food. Which of these might be a good result from a data science project? (Select all that apply.)
A: A slide deck presenting a plan on how to modify pricing in order to improve sales.
A: Insights into how to market cat food more effectively, depending on the breed of cat.

Q; Based on the terminology defined in Lesson 4 “The terminology of AI”, which of the following statements do you agree with? (Select all that apply.)
A: The terms “deep learning” and “neural network” are used almost interchangeably.
A: Deep learning is a type of machine learning. (I.e., all deep learning algorithms are machine learning algorithms.)

Q: Which of these do AI companies do well?
A: All of the above

Q: Say you want to input a picture of a person’s face (A), and output whether or not they are smiling (B). Because this is a task that most humans can do in less than 1 second, supervised learning can probably learn this A-to-B mapping.
A: True
