Q: Machine learning is an “iterative” process, meaning that an AI team often has to try many ideas before coming up with something that’s good enough, rather than have the first thing they try work.
A: True

Q: Question 2
Say you want to use Machine Learning to help your sales team with automatic lead sorting. I.e., Input A (a sales prospect) and output B (whether your sales team should prioritize them). The 3 steps of the workflow, in scrambled order, are:
(i) Deploy a trained model and get data back from users
(ii) Collect data with both A and B 
(iii) Train a machine learning system to input A and output B
What is the correct ordering of these steps?
A: (ii) (iii) (i)

Q: What are the key steps of a Data Science project?
A: All of the above

Q: Machine learning programs can help: (select all that apply)
A:
Customize product recommendations
Automate lead sorting in sales
Automate resume screening
Automate visual inspection in a manufacturing line

Q: Unless you have a huge dataset (“Big Data”), it is generally not worth attempting machine learning or data science projects on your problem.
A: False

Q: Say you want to build an AI system to help recruiters with automated resume screening. Which of these steps might be involved in the “technical diligence” process? (Select all that apply.)
A: Making sure that an AI system can meet the desired performance
Making sure you can get enough data for this project
Defining an engineering timeline

Q: Which of these statements about “business diligence” do you agree with?
A: Business diligence is the process of ensuring that the AI technology, if it is built, is valuable for your business.

Q: You want to use supervised learning for automated resume screening. Which of the following statements about the training set are true? (Select all that apply.)
A: It should give examples of both the input A (resume) and the desired output B (whether to move forward with a candidate).
It will be used by the AI team to train the supervised learning algorithm.

Q: For your automated resume screening application, you are now providing a test set to the AI team. Which of the following statements about the test set are true? (Select all that apply.)
A: It will be used by the AI team to evaluate the performance of the algorithm.
It should give examples of both the input A (resume) and the desired output B (whether to move forward with a candidate)

Q: Which of these are reasons that it’s often unrealistic to expect an ML system to be 100% accurate?
A: All of the above.
